[All Hosts] (manifest) change name of XML manifest (#2014)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-reference: docs/manifest/manifest.md

---
title: Add-in only manifest reference for Office Add-ins

> description: The elements of an Office Add-ins add-in only manifest.

Reviewer: Consider adding the format here to help with SEO (in case people search for information on the manifest XML). 
```suggestion
description: The elements of the XML-based Office Add-ins add-in only manifest.
```
